Issue #32981 || Corrected Spinbutton and Slider role "only read-write" content and did some changes on both so that both roles can be more consistent and similar. (#36488)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/roles/slider_role/index.md

### The `slider` role compared other range options

> ARIA provides developers with six different range [widget roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles#2._widget_roles), including progressbars, meters, scrollbars, range input, spinbuttons and sliders.

Author: Thank you for highlighting the inaccuracy. I have implemented the change.

> The [`progressbar`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/progressbar_role) role, similar to HTML's {{HTMLElement('progress')}} element, is a read-only range. It indicates the portion of completion of a task, progressing in a single direction, such as a file upload's loading progress bar that eventually reaches 100% when fully loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`progressbar`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/progressbar_role) role, similar to HTML's {{HTMLElement('progress')}} element, is a read-only range. It indicates the portion of completion of a task, progressing in a single direction. For instance, a file upload's progress bar that conveys the data transfer up to 100%, when the file has fully uploaded.
```

Author: I have implemented the change.

> The [`meter`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/meter_role) role, similar to HTML's {{HTMLElement('meter')}} element, is a read-only gauge. It indicates the amount of something within a known range, such as a computer's battery indicator or a car's gas gauge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`meter`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/meter_role) role, similar to HTML's {{HTMLElement('meter')}} element, is a read-only range. It represents a scalar measurement within a known range, or a fractional value. For instance, a computer's battery indicator, the disk usage of a hard drive or a car's gas gauge.
```

The `slider` role, similar to HTML's `input` of type `range`, [`<input type="range">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/range), is a read-write input range. Sliders allow users to select a value between predefined minimum and maximum values. The user selects a value by moving a slider thumb along a horizontal or vertical slider to select a value.

> The `slider` role is a read-write range: it's value changes via user interaction. As such, it must be able to receive focus. In addition, keyboard interaction, mouse clicks, and touch interaction must be supported.

Reviewer: it was already mentioned that the slider is a read-write input range, so it doesn't need to be repeated.  

```suggestion
A `slider` role's value changes via user interaction. As such, it must be able to receive focus. In addition, to adjust the value keyboard interaction, mouse clicks, and touch interaction must be supported.
```

Author: Thanks for highlighting, repetitive stuff is corrected.
